Add clarity on restart behavior of Readiness and Liveness Probes (#35079)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes.md

kubectl get pod liveness-exec
```

> The output shows that `RESTARTS` has been incremented. Note that the `RESTARTS` counter increments as soon as a failed container in a restarts :

Reviewer: The restarts counter only gets incremented if a pod fails for some reason and comes back to a running state again since it indicates the number of dead containers that have not yet been removed.

Thus, in my opinion this could be better worded as:

```suggestion
The output shows that `RESTARTS` has been incremented. Note that the `RESTARTS` counter increments as soon as a failed container comes back to the running state:
```
